README.md, before:

<header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Course header >>>
  Include a 1280×640 image, course title in sentence case, and a concise description in emphasis.
  In your repository settings: enable template repository, add your 1280×640 social image, auto delete head branches.
  Add your open source license, GitHub uses MIT license.
-->

# Communicate using Markdown

_Organize ideas and collaborate using Markdown, a lightweight language for text formatting._

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 1 >>>
  Choose 3-5 steps for your course.
  The first step is always the hardest, so pick something easy!
  Link to docs.github.com for further explanations.
  Encourage users to open new tabs for steps!
-->

## Step 1: Add headers

_Welcome to "Communicate using Markdown"! :wave:_

**What is _Markdown_?** Markdown is a [lightweight syntax](https://docs.github.com/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) for communicating on GitHub. You can format text to add a heading, lists, **bold**, _italics_, tables, and many other stylings. You can use Markdown in most places around GitHub:

- Comments on [issues](https://docs.github.com/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/about-issues), [pull requests](https://docs.github.com/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests), and [discussions](https://docs.github.com/discussions/collaborating-with-your-community-using-discussions/about-discussions)
- Files with the `.md` or `.markdown` extension
- Sharing snippets of text in [Gists](https://docs.github.com/github/writing-on-github/editing-and-sharing-content-with-gists/creating-gists)

**What is a _header_?** A header is a larger bit of text at the beginning of a section. There are six sizes.

### Example

```md
# This is an `<h1>` header, which is the largest

## This is an `<h2>` header

###### This is an `<h6>` header, which is the smallest
```

#### How it looks

# This is an `<h1>` header, which is the largest

## This is an `<h2>` header

###### This is an `<h6>` header, which is the smallest

### :keyboard: Activity: Edit your file with headers

1. Open a new browser tab, and work on the steps in your second tab while you read the instructions in this tab.
1. Open the **pull requests** tab.
1. Click **New pull request**, for the branches to compare, select `base: main` and `compare: start-markdown`.
1. Click **Create pull request**.
1. In this pull request, go to the **Files changed** tab. We made an empty file `index.md` for you.
1. Select **Edit file** from the three dotted **...** menu in the upper right corner of the file view on `index.md`.
1. On the **Edit file** tab, add a `#`, followed by a **space**, before any content you like to make it an H1 Header. You can add more headers, using one to six `#` characters followed by a **space**.
1. Above your new content, click **Preview**.
1. At the bottom of the page, type a short, meaningful commit message that describes the change you made to the file.
1. Click **Commit changes**.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.

<footer>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Footer >>>
  Add a link to get support, GitHub status page, code of conduct, license link.
-->

---

Get help: [Post in our discussion board](https://github.com/orgs/skills/discussions/categories/communicate-using-markdown) &bull; [Review the GitHub status page](https://www.githubstatus.com/)

&copy; 2023 GitHub &bull; [Code of Conduct](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/code_of_conduct.md) &bull; [MIT License](https://gh.io/mit)

</footer>

Commit message:

Update second line to level 3 header
Changed the second line to a level 3 header for better visibility.

README.md, after:

<header>
<!--
  <<< Author notes: Course header >>>
  Include a 1280×640 image, course title in sentence case, and a concise description in emphasis.
  In your repository settings: enable template repository, add your 1280×640 social image, auto delete head branches.
  Add your open source license, GitHub uses MIT license.
-->

# Communicate using Markdown

### _Organize ideas and collaborate using Markdown, a lightweight language for text formatting._

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 1 >>>
  Choose 3-5 steps for your course.
  The first step is always the hardest, so pick something easy!
  Link to docs.github.com for further explanations.
  Encourage users to open new tabs for steps!
-->

## Step 1: Add headers

_Welcome to "Communicate using Markdown"! :wave:_

**What is _Markdown_?** Markdown is a [lightweight syntax](https://docs.github.com/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) for communicating on GitHub. You can format text to add a heading, lists, **bold**, _italics_, tables, and many other stylings. You can use Markdown in most places around GitHub:

- Comments on [issues](https://docs.github.com/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/about-issues), [pull requests](https://docs.github.com/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests), and [discussions](https://docs.github.com/discussions/collaborating-with-your-community-using-discussions/about-discussions)
- Files with the `.md` or `.markdown` extension
- Sharing snippets of text in [Gists](https://docs.github.com/github/writing-on-github/editing-and-sharing-content-with-gists/creating-gists)

**What is a _header_?** A header is a larger bit of text at the beginning of a section. There are six sizes.

### Example

```md
# This is an `<h1>` header, which is the largest

## This is an `<h2>` header

###### This is an `<h6>` header, which is the smallest
```

#### How it looks

# This is an `<h1>` header, which is the largest

## This is an `<h2>` header

###### This is an `<h6>` header, which is the smallest

### :keyboard: Activity: Edit your file with headers

1. Open a new browser tab, and work on the steps in your second tab while you read the instructions in this tab.
1. Open the **pull requests** tab.
1. Click **New pull request**, for the branches to compare, select `base: main` and `compare: start-markdown`.
1. Click **Create pull request**.
1. In this pull request, go to the **Files changed** tab. We made an empty file `index.md` for you.
1. Select **Edit file** from the three dotted **...** menu in the upper right corner of the file view on `index.md`.
1. On the **Edit file** tab, add a `#`, followed by a **space**, before any content you like to make it an H1 Header. You can add more headers, using one to six `#` characters followed by a **space**.
1. Above your new content, click **Preview**.
1. At the bottom of the page, type a short, meaningful commit message that describes the change you made to the file.
1. Click **Commit changes**.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.

<footer>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Footer >>>
  Add a link to get support, GitHub status page, code of conduct, license link.
-->

---
I made the second line into level 3 header. 
Get help: [Post in our discussion board](https://github.com/orgs/skills/discussions/categories/communicate-using-markdown) &bull; [Review the GitHub status page](https://www.githubstatus.com/)

&copy; 2023 GitHub &bull; [Code of Conduct](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/code_of_conduct.md) &bull; [MIT License](https://gh.io/mit)

</footer>
